How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The FC or diff command is fantastic. It was good to just see the lines 
    which are different in the two versions of file and find out what changed.
    Have used vimdiff or SVN diff in the past, so I am familiar with this

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having access to all the changes you have made in a file is really useful.
    You may want to try out something with your code and modify a bunch of lines
    , having access to the changes, you can go back to where you started from 
    and also sometimes quickly fix typos and issues you are unable to fix with 
    just having the latest copy.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of commiting manually is you have control of what can be a logical
    place where you save and can come back to. One disadvantage about that is 
    you can forget when to commit and have large number of changes in one commit
    which can be not very useful to come back to or understand

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Software Development usually involves multiple files which make up the 
    system. So as code can be divided into multiple files, a change to the code
    can involve multiple files, so we want to be able to version a specific 
    change all files need to be tracked

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log I can see all the different commits including the message
    which tells me what has been done in each commit, If I want to dig into 
    exactly what was changed in a specific commit I can use git diff to see 
    the details of the changes, like which files and what lines were added and
    deleted

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Having version control helps with not panicking when you run into the 
    situation 'It used to work before, but now its breaks..' and track your 
    code looking at the history and see if you can find out what caused the bug
    and fix it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Want to create a git repository and add files to it.Excited