What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you run git init inside a directory, GIT will start tracking the folder
as a git repository so we can start adding and commiting files we want to keep
track of for versioning.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
Staging area possibly helps to organize how we want to commit things from the 
working directory to the repository 


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
We can add which files we want to commit into the staging area and then commit
Also we can run git diff --staged to see the changes you are trying to commit 
and helps with identifying if the changes going in are logical for one commit


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
Branches are extremely useful. One of the situations is when we have a 
production bug-fix to release and we already are working ona new version of the
software/product. We can create a branch from teh version we released into 
production and get the changes done and then merge the change back into the 
master branch


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams of the branch structure was really cool. It clearly shows where we are
, what was the parent of the recent commig on a branch and where a branch 
originated. It will be handy to do merging when we finish work on the branch 
and ready to put it into the master branch for release

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
When we merge two branches, the branch where we are currently on will get 
updated with the changes from the two branches we specify in the git merge
command alongwith the changes on the curent branch, typically we run merge by 
been in the branch where we want the changes to be merged into. It gets changes
 from the branch from where we want the changes into the current branch compare
 d with the version from where the two branches have split.
 So the diagram showing the commits and updating it with the result of the 
 merge helps visualize the versions been compared and how the current branch is
 updated with teh result of the merge and a new commit is added and then git 
 log shows all the commits interspersed by timestamp from both branches

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
We do need automtic merging which git does to easily include changes worked 
in two different branches and getting it all together. quite a few times we 
would work on a new feature or change which doesn't affect the code which is 
say in the production branch or master, if we didn't have automtic merging, it 
would be very tedious to redo all the changes from our feature branch into the
master.
On the other hand, if all we had was automatic merging, then some changes which
 affect the same piece of code in two branches would get merged and result 
 would be unclear code or worse uncompiled code which would break, so we also 
 have this feature of conflict resolution to manually fix the merge for some
 files